Pitch Profile: 

Arsenal wise for RHPS, this is Bonnies Baseball's highest graded arm. Command needs to be dialed in on the splitter, however when Paulino was able to get it over the plate, it was a really solid pitch to the arm side. Cutter Velo needs to increase for it to be in-between his Slider and his Fastball (if his fastball is 92 and slider 81.5, Cutter will best play halfway between these two as close to 10 vertical and zero horizontal as possible). On thing to note is Paulino had the highest variance pitch to pitch in stuff, we see this usually when a pitcher has added new pitches to his arsenal and isn't comfortable with them yet. If this is not the case with Paulino, this can be fixed with more intentionality behind bullpens and locating good stuff to specific spots. Furthermore, with high RPMs, fastball could also benefit by adding an inch or vertical and decreasing an inch of horizontal, this could have also only been happening since he was a tick low in velocity. Can fully diagnose this upon second visit when he is fully ramped up. 

Strength Profile: 

Paulino consistently ranks among the top for any and all strength indexes we've calculated. Strength wise, an absolute horse, leading the team in E:C Ratio and providing the perfect blend of strength and athleticism. 


Biomechanics Profile: 

Paulino struggles to time pelvic rotation properly (it's currently peaking a little too early) and to get into lead leg block, presumably because of limited dorsiflexion (ankle flexion) ranges of motion found on the table on both legs. Fixing this will allow for greater load of the back leg, delaying the onset of pelvic rotation and increasing hip to shoulder separation at front foot strike and will also lead to better blocking with the front leg. This will only improve his relationship with the ground and ability to better transfer force up the kinetic chain. Fixing this deficiency statically, as well as fixing the lead leg block dynamically in his mechanics will profile him as a mid to high 90s arm.  